Description:

You are provided with a P10, P50, and P90 day-ahead power forecasts together with an
actual power of a PV farm in Estonia. Your task is to determine and propose an optimal
day-ahead sales strategy, i.e. the optimal P-level forecast to use, which would yield us
the highest total revenue.

Consider that there are just 2 streams of revenues, day-ahead (DA) revenue and
imbalance revenues, which are calcualted for each MTU (15 min period). Total revenue
is a sum of those 2 revenue streams across all MTUs. Also, consider that you can always
limit production of solar PV assets (i.e. produce less), but cannot increase the
production. E.g. if you sell 4 MWh in DA market and would actually produce 6 MWh, you
can limit the production to 4 MWh in that specific MTU.

Notes:
• Day-ahead revenue = day-ahead sold volume x day-ahead price
• Day-ahead volumes are forecasted as P-levels for each MTU for entire day.
• Day-ahead volumes receive day-ahead price, i.e. day-ahead revenues do not
depend on actual production.
• Actual power, forecasted power (P10, P50, P90), and day-ahead prices are
provided in the Predictions.xlsx file.
• Imbalance revenue = imbalance volume x balancing price (upward or
downward depending on the sign of volume)
• Imbalance volume is the di`erence between actual production volume and dayahead
sold volume. Imbalance can be positive or negative. E.g. if 5 MWh is sold
at day-ahead market and the actual production the next day in the respective
MTU is 4 MWh, then then the imbalance is 4 - 5 = -1 MWh. That is settled with
imbalance price.
• Negative imbalance is settled with Upward price and positive imbalance is
settled with Downward imbalance price.
• Balancing prices can be found at https://baltic.transparencydashboard.
eu/node/41
• Pay attention to units. Prices are provided as EUR/MWh, forecast and actual
power is provided in kW.
• The task is to propose a solution for future.

Deliverables:

For a solution we’d like to see how would you determine the DA sold volumes and why.
You may suggest a specific P-level or weights for di`erent P-levels. Choice is yours. We
are interested in your thinking behind it.
