- 2023. Introduction to Machine Learning in Production (DeepLearning.AI): 
In the first course of Machine Learning Engineering for Production Specialization, 
you will identify the various components and design an ML production system end-to-end:
project scoping, data needs, modeling strategies, and deployment constraints and requirements; 
and learn how to establish a model baseline, address concept drift, and prototype the process 
for developing, deploying, and continuously improving a productionized ML application.

- 2023. Machine Learning Data Lifecycle in Production (DeepLearning.AI): 
In the second course of Machine Learning Engineering for Production Specialization, 
you will build data pipelines by gathering, cleaning, and validating datasets and assessing data quality;
implement feature engineering, transformation, and selection with TensorFlow Extended 
and get the most predictive power out of your data; and establish the data lifecycle 
by leveraging data lineage and provenance metadata tools and follow data evolution with enterprise data schemas.

- 2024. Machine Learning Modeling Pipelines in Production (DeepLearning.AI): 
In the third course of Machine Learning Engineering for Production Specialization, 
you will build models for different serving environments; implement tools and techniques 
to effectively manage your modeling resources and best serve offline and online inference requests; 
and use analytics tools and performance metrics to address model fairness, 
explainability issues, and mitigate bottlenecks.

- 2024. Deploying Machine Learning Models in Production (DeepLearning.AI): 
In the fourth course of Machine Learning Engineering for Production Specialization,
you will learn how to deploy ML models and make them available to end-users.
You will build scalable and reliable hardware infrastructure to deliver inference requests 
both in real-time and batch depending on the use case. You will also implement
workflow automation and progressive delivery that complies with current MLOps practices
to keep your production system running. Additionally, you will continuously monitor your
system to detect model decay, remediate performance drops, and avoid system failures 
so it can continuously operate at all times.  

-Machine Learning Engineering for Production (MLOps) Specialization (DeepLearning.AI): 
The Machine Learning Engineering for Production (MLOps) Specialization covers how to conceptualize,
build, and maintain integrated systems that continuously operate in production. 
In striking contrast with standard machine learning modeling, production systems need 
to handle relentless evolving data. Moreover, the production system must run non-stop 
at the minimum cost while producing the maximum performance. In this Specialization, 
you will learn how to use well-established tools and methodologies for doing all of this
effectively and efficiently.
By the end, you will be ready to employ your new production-ready skills to participate
in the development of leading-edge AI technology to solve real-world problems.
